 """Senior Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics, London

Position Summary

IHS Markit is a global market leader in providing information, analytics and solutions for industries and markets that drive economies worldwide.

The candidate will join a growing team of Data Scientists as a senior member of the Advanced Analytics team at IHS Markit. Working alongside SMEs across Finance, Energy & Transportation businesses the team develops Proof of Concepts (POC) for break-through ideas which then lead to both the enhancements of existing products as well as the creation of new products and solutions.

Responsibilities
Develop models, algorithms and data pipelines that leverage wealth of IHS Markit data to provide actionable insights to clients
Lead data science product development end to end: from POC to productization
Actively explore and identify the latest relevant techniques
Identify opportunities for innovation across the firm


Essential Skills
7+ years of professional experience in Advanced Analytics / Data Science / Machine Learning
Hands on project lifecycle experience, from business analysis to productization
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Coding experience (preferably Python) to write robust and high standard code; experience with version control (preferably Git)
Experience working with databases (e.g. SQL)
Ability to quickly acquire new technical skills
Experience of working with large data sets and distributed computing
Good understanding of mathematical foundations of Machine Learning models


Desirable Skills
Experience in one or more of: NLP, Probabilistic Graphical Models, Time Series modelling, Deep Learning
Experience with visualization and attribution techniques


Person Sills
Able to translate business problems into problems that can be solved with Data Science
Ability to work in a team
Able to report progress and summarize issues to a less technical audience
Curious and open-minded attitude to new approaches
IHS Markit is committed to providing equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the laws and regulations in any of our locations.

We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up.

IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, as a federal contractor in the United States, the company participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work.

For Information Please Click On The Following Links

IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct
Right to Work
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Pay Transparency Statement Current Colleagues

If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site."""